=======================================
Luz Clawthorne: Hexside's Number One
Delinquent Witch
by BuckJohnson,JPRyder
Ch 6/42
Chapter 6: Chapter 5: King and Lil
Luz's Day Out
=======================================
Chapter Text

Chapter 5: King and Lil Luz's Day Out

Chapter 5: King and Lil Luz's Day Out


There comes a tale, a tale of a ruler
that resides in a castle. There lies a
sleeping demon, the demon sleeps every
6 hours until he wakes up in the 6th
hour from his slumber, on the 6th day
of the week. He is known as fears,
terrible, ruthless, dastardly, even
sinister by appearance. He sleeps on
top of his conquered enemies who are
now all of his loyal soldiers. There is
no doubt, that the mighty and ruthless,
but merciful King of Demons is one to
not trifle with...



"EDA!!!"



?well, if the King of Demons isn't such
an adorable little guy.



"Eda! Have you seen one of my
soldiers!?" his surprisingly deranged
voice shouts when he walks to the
living room. He has ventured his search
for his most trusted soldier, Mr.
Snugglepuss, when he finds him missing.
He was there after their last battle
against the rat children at the
playground, and they were war buddies
that day. They have lost, even lost a
few soldiers that were taken by those
little rat savages, who have never
played stuffed toys before, so they
ended up tearing them apart. The
funerals were short, but King will not
let their deaths be in vain...which is
why he asks Eda for more stuffed toys.



He scourges through the living room,
sees his roommate at the kitchen
warming up a bottle of milk. Obviously
for that human spawn she decides to
adopt, which she keeps in a tall chair
with a seat and small table thing
connected. That's where the human baby
in the black witch onesie, Luz, resides
as she eats some of those orange
slices. But what got the mighty King to
notice something around Luz's little,
tiny arms, is a certain blue stuff
rabbit.



He gasps, "Mr. Snugglepuss!" he shouts
as we stomp towards to the tall chair,
crawling up and try to grab the bunny
"Give him back to me, you thief!" he
shouts as he tries to grab the bunny
from her. Luz giggled, as she pulls the
stuff bunny as well. King was then
magically levitated away from Luz,
showing Eda being the one to snatch him
away from her "Eda!?"



"King, quit messing with Luz." Eda told
him while levitating King to the couch.



"But she has Mr. Snugglepuss!" King
argued, pointing accusingly at the
baby.



"Of course, she has him; I
kinda?borrowed him to give it to her so
she can stop crying." Eda said to the
appalled little demon.



"You did what!?" King cries as he looks
at Luz nibbling on Mr. Snugglepuss?s
rabbit ear "Nooooo, you'll leave drool
on him!! For Titan sake, ever since you
brought the human spawn here a month
ago, you always pay attention to her!"
he complained as he crosses his arms
and look at the other side with a pout.



"Hey, the baby's part of the family
now, King." Eda said as she grabs the
warm bottle, as she went to pick up the
baby and feeds her the warm bottle of
milk. "You need to learn to share some
of your things with her. Besides, you
barely play with the other toys I gave
to you."



"I do play with them!" King said as he
looks around, finds a stuffed Delmo toy
"Like this 'Hug Me, Delmo' toy." he
said as he hugs the toy of the blue,
horned and big nosed puppet toy.



"Hug Delmo again and you get cut with
my switchblade knife! Hehehe, just
kidding, buy more of my products!"
Delmo's distorted and cutesy voice
says, Eda couldn't help but look
disturbed by the toy.



"Isn?t he marketable or what?" King
said handing the toy to Luz, but Eda
stops him.



"Maybe something a little
less...threatening." Eda said in
concern, as she picks up baby Luz and
pats her back for her to burp "Anyway,
I'm going to be out with Luz at the
market, buying and swindle some stuff
for her, teach her the arts of pick
pocketing. Like toy, baby food, naps,
and some baby books. You know, I just
saw this adorable costume she can try
on-"



"Eda, I'm going to stop you there
before you make me barf out my
stomach." King told her in disgust, as
he steps off from the couch, goes to
the baby chair to grab Mr. Snugglepuss
again. But egads, he has been swept
away by Eda "What!? Mr. Snugglepuss,
no!" he cries as Eda hands it to little
Luz "Why did you give it to her?!"



"What? She's become attached to it."
Eda states, while baby Luz smiles as
she plays with Mr. Snugglepuss. Eda
cooed at baby Luz, which makes King
twitch his eye as he looks so mad, he
lets out a tantrum.



"Hmmmmm......nyaaaaaaahhhh!!!" his
squeak of rage cries out as he ran back
to his room, continuing to squeak out
in anger.



Luz makes baby noises as Eda replies to
her "Ah don't mind him, he?s acting
like a big baby. He'll get over it."


Present

?And that should be it.? Eda states
while finishing up setting up the
sprinklers in the ground. ?With these
sprinklers installed, on this field,
those vermin won?t see it coming.?

The sprinklers spray some kind of
liquid substance, as one pixie flew by
as it sprays on her. ?Lalalala-
AAAAHHHH!!! I?m melting!!!? the pixie
cries in pain as the acidic sprinkler
hits the pixie which incinerates her.

?Who knew connecting the sprinklers
with the boiling water can be deadly.?
Eda said as she thought of something
before grabbing her bag ?Wait, I almost
forgot! Bump told me to set up the
signs. It should be at that shed.? She
said as she walks away to the shed.

?She?s gone, now?s our chance.? Spoke
one student as a couple of Hexside
students rush down to Eda?s bag,
opening it to see its contents. ?You
see where she keeps it??

?Found it.? The female student
responds, holding up something from the
bag.

?This is going to be righteous, that?ll
teach that crazy groundskeeper a lesson
in zapping us.? The other student said,
having a squid face. He switches the
item with another item.

?Should we know what?s in that stuff
first?? she asks him.

?Ah it must be that grown up drink I
see whenever my mom has her afternoon
drinks while going through the divorce
process.? Squid-face states.

?By the way, how is that going? Your
dad?s okay?? his friend asks him.

?He?s fine, just sleeping in a motel.
Last I saw him he was inviting some
trench coat wearing demon lady?I think
I?ve seen her around at his job.? He
comments while the two quickly ran off
after switching the item.

After they left, Eda came back with the
sign as she places it on the field.
?There, now the students won?t come
near here.? She states as she looks up
the sky while grabbing her bag, ?Gee,
the sky looks a bit cloudy today...and
green?? she saw one droplet hit the
grass, which left a burn mark. ?Wuh-
oh.?

The whole town of Bonesborough are all
taking shelter during the boiling rain.
This acidic rain is not all harmful,
but it can leave some burn marks if
you?re not careful. The weather in the
demon realm can be so chaotic,
hopefully you don?t see a painbow?

"Looks like school's cancelled early
due to the boiling rain." Luz states,
while hanging out in the living room
with King next to her, folding clothes.
Rather her usual uniform, she wore her
casual outfit, a purple short-sleeve
hoodie with a white circle, and white
lines on each sleeve as the shirt stops
to her stomach. Wears high jean short
shorts with dark blue leggings that
stops to her knees, and wears steel
toed black boots with metal buckles.
Due to the weather, it appears that Luz
can't go to Hexside in this dangerous
condition. Luckily, Eda has set up a
protection dome around the house. "But
I guess I'll be spending time trying to
get this house clean for Ms. Perfect
tomorrow."

"I don't see why you want to keep this
house cleaned for her, unless...this is
all a big trap for her!" King declares,
rubbing his hands together "Yes, I like
this plan, good strategy."

"We're not going to trap her." Luz told
him, folding her own shirt.

"Yeah, gotcha." King replied giving her
a wink, thinking the opposite of what
she said.

Luz sigh, folding some clothes "So are
you helping me folding these clothes or
not?" she asks him.

"I could, but what's in it for me?"
King asks her.

"Teach me a lot about the monsters and
demons, since you are a demon expert
and all." Luz said with a smirk.

"Really?" King asks her.

"Yeah, it'll be like old times when you
always tell me and explaining about the
many beasts and demons that comes and
goes in the demon realm. Even told me
why giraffes were banished to Earth."
Luz told him while patting the little
demon's head. "As long as you help me
clean up around here."

Looking at the living room, it does
appear in a mess. A lot of the human
junk Eda has brought in for her weekend
stand, as well as some homemade elixirs
and smuggled toads. Luz knows that her
mom has over 100 businesses, most of
them illegal but some lucrative.

?Oh, this is great! Wait until I tell
you all about the Snaggleback!? King
declared while dipping himself onto the
pile of clothes in the basket, popping
up with a bra hanging on his horn and a
sock around his nose. ?As well as many
other creatures like the demon imps,
creatures that are said to be myths but
are totally real!?

?Why not tell me about one favorite
you?ve always told me?the Lagahoo.? Luz
asks him with interests, grabbing the
bra off King?s horn.

?Ah, you?re still interested in meeting
that old coffin carrier?? King asks
her, Luz nodded. ?I don?t know why
you?re interested in that old snout
face. Still trying to trap him??

?Uh yeah, he?s supposed to be this
strong demon, right?? Luz inquires.

?Not as strong as me, of course.? King
states, Luz just rolls her eyes at that
?But that guy?s too crafty to be
trapped. Not even the Emperor?s Coven
could catch him. He?s always
shapeshifts around to keep out of
trouble.?

?But that?s what makes him
interesting.? Luz points out, ?Word
around the Isle is that if you manage
to survive a fight against him, he owes
you favors. Which is why I?m prepared
to plan on setting up traps for him
this year.?

?It?s not going to be an easy picnic,
but your enthusiasm will get you killed
in some way.? King snarked making Luz
flick him up his skull. ?Nyeh!?

Eda came back inside after conjuring up
a forcefield spell, she yawns "Well,
the force field should keep the house
protected. This boiling rain was so
sudden." she walks down to the cloth
curtain, as she uses a spell to change
out of her outfit to a purple sweater
and long dark purple skirt with fuzzy
slippers. She lies down on the couch,
which gets Luz and King to move aside.

"Boy, that must've tired you out, mom."
Luz comments, bringing the basket of
clothes with her.

"Yeah well...using magic that powerful
can really..." Eda was drowsy, as she
blinks which one of her eyes turn pure
black for a second. This startled Luz.

"Do you need your elixir?" She asks her
in concern, worried that her mom would
get the curse growing into her.

"Don't worry, I'm fiiinnee..." Eda
waves it off as she starts to snore.

Luz looks worried as well as she turns
to King "Watch mom for me, I'm going to
look for her cure elixir. She should
have her things up in her room when she
came back." She said as she goes to the
steps.

King's eyes widen as he spoke "Wait,
Luz! I mean, um, maybe I should go
there and get it, while you watch Eda?"

"Really?" Luz was surprised to hear
King offered to get Eda's medicine
"Guess you are a generous king of
demons."

"Yeah well...I should get the medicine
for her." King said as he walks down to
the hall.

"You sure you know where it is?" Luz
asks while sitting by Eda's side,
patting her adopted mother's head.

"Relax, I know where she keeps it."
King told her as he walks upstairs to
Eda's room, "I think I do." he muttered
to himself, but Luz heard a glimpse at
what he said.


"Come on, come to mama." Eda waves her
hand when baby Luz, about 10 months
old, starts to crawl towards Eda "Oh
come on, you're supposed to walk." she
said as she saw Luz struggle to stand
up "Yes, you can do it, you can do
it..." but then Luz fell on her butt
while trying to stand. "Oh, you'll get
it next time."



"I don't see the big deal about her
walking." King said while lying on the
couch, changing the channel on the
crystal ball "Isn't crawling around
enough?"



"Look who's talking, Mr. ?Crawling-
inside-the-vents-and-somehow-get-stuck-
inside-Hooty?s-throat-for-4-days?." Eda
points to him.



"You know that?s because you?ve been
safe-proofing the house ever since she
starts to crawl," King state, stands up
as he walks to baby Luz. "I mean look
at her, she can't even wash or change
herself...there's no way she she'll be
able to-GAH!!!" he cries when he felt
baby Luz grabbing his tail, squeezing
it "Stop squeezing my tail with your
surprisingly strong baby hands!" he
cries as he pulls out from her grip and
ran behind Eda "Defend me from the
floor rat!" Luz giggled as she crawls
towards King who backs away "Stay back!
Back, I say!" he cries in sheer horror.



"This is too cute, and adorable." Eda
snorted, as she picks up Luz in her
arms and King with her hand "Alright,
listen here King, I'm going to the
human world for a little bit to get
more profit. Some short guy I know who
runs a bar in a place called "Filly-
del-fa" offers me a trade of goods if I
can get him some clams." Eda brings out
a bag full of clams she's collected and
scavenged from the beach, levitating
next to her "So I want you to watch
over Luz and the house until I get
back."



"You're letting me watch the spawn?"
King asks Eda with his eyebrow raised.



"Well, not really." Eda drew a circle
as she summons a specialize crib, while
placing Luz in the crib. "This crib
will be able to give Luz what she
needs. Food, changing, and some
soothing music she likes listening to."
she taps on a button, as the speaker in
the crib plays a simple tune. Luz was
at awe when she hears the rummaging
guitar, sounds of the rock musician
rambling while singing. She was at her
happiest that it made Eda smile at the
little bundle of joy.



"That'll keep her company." Eda states
as she brings out a bag full of clams
and opens the portal to the human world
"Now I'll only be back shortly. If
anything happens to my baby under your
watch, King...you?ll end up like my 5th
ex!" she told him darkly, making King
gulp "No pressure, and don?t let her
out since it?s flying pig season and
you know how they snatch small things."
she said as she steps into the portal.



King rolls his eyes, "Watching a baby
human is easy, how hard can it be?"
King said as he watches Luz playing
with a stuff animal. His eyes widen
when it's not just a stuff animal, it's
Mr. Snugglepuss! "Snugglepuss! Get your
hands off of him! Nyeh! Nyeh!" he tries
to reach his little paws through the
bars of the crib, but it's no use. Luz
can only laugh when King struggles to
try to reach for the toy. "Grr, curse
my small arms!" he then saw a lock to
the crib. "Hmm, a baby-proof lock so
Luz couldn't get out. Well, I can just
get in and get Mr. Snugglepuss back and
lock it back in. I also need to stop
talking to myself...it's getting
creepy, and a little concerning." he
said to himself, as he goes to the
crib's lock to open it.



King use the claw of the lock to open
the crib, but there's no use. He looks
at Luz who's been given her bottle
after the crib sensed that she's
hungry, as well as feeding her some
orange slices. "Enjoy that baby prison
while you can, once I get Mr.
Snugglepuss back!" he said as he crawls
up the crib, planning to reach for Mr.
Snugglepuss from Luz. She noticed King
who successfully grabbed Mr.
Snugglepuss's ear. "Gotcha!" he cries,
as he pulls the stuff bunny, but Luz
pulls the rabbit back "Hey! He's mine!"
King shouts as the two ended up in a
tug-o-war with the stuff bunny. Cute to
watch, but their squabble is tipping
the crib. King has no idea that his
foot is on the lock. You kinda see
where this is going, so let's get to
the point.



The crib tipped over and fell down,
causing King to fell and Luz to fall as
well, luckily falling on top of King's
stomach. "Ow!" he cries, as the baby
giggled. "Oh great, the crib fell,
Eda's going to be mad when she sees
this." he said once he gets Luz off
him, as he went to fix up the crib back
up. But then he noticed Luz is still
holding Mr. Snugglepuss "How many times
I have to tell you that Mr. Snugglepuss
is mine, spawn!" he shouts as he
snatches the stuff bunny away from the
baby.



Big mistake, as this causes baby Luz to
be teary eyed. King notice this "Oh no,
you better not..." he points at her
while baby Luz was starting to cry
"Don't!"



"EEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!"



"GAAAH!!! Not the hideous screech! Why
do human spawns cry like that!" King
covers where, let's say where his ears
are supposed to be, while baby Luz
cries and cries while her little feet
kicks while rubbing her eyes. "Good
Titan, Hooty, help me calm this kid
down!"



Hooty transition through the window as
he pops up in front of baby Luz "Hey,
don't cry, Luzy! Your best friend Hooty
can make things better!" he said as Luz
looks at the long-necked owl door
thing, until a fly caught in his throat
?Gak Ack! AAAAAK!!? he screeches making
terrifying faces, which only makes her
cry some more "Ah! Why does she cry a
lot!?"



"You're scaring her! Eda's going to be
home soon, I gotta find something to
calm her down." He said as he goes to
another room.



"Why not let her play with that stuff
bunny of yours?" Hooty asks him, while
King grips at the stuff bunny.



"Yeah, no, Mr. Snugglepuss and I go way
back for her to understand our long-
time war friendship. She can have Bingo
Star once I find him, he's retired." he
walks down to his room while Luz
continues to cry.



Hooty then coughs out the fly which
flies around, "Hey, Mr. Fly, are you
here to distract me again? I just
choked and traumatized a baby!" the
long-necked, demon-house thing, follows
the fly while not watching baby Luz
who?s still crying. Baby Luz then saw
the door opened while Hooty?s
distracted by the fly. The kid saw a
glimpse of the outdoors.



Later, King returns with a stuff star
toy "Alright, Luz, I want you to meet-"
he finds the baby missing from the
living room "LUZ!?" he shouts, as he
hears the baby giggled from outside.
?Oh no.? The little demon rushes out
the door, finding the baby who has
crawled out "Oh thank goodness you're
alright. At least you're safe and
nothing bad happe-"



Suddenly, a flying pig swoops in to
snatch Luz by its hooves ?Weeeeeeeee!?
Baby Luz cries along the way from being
carried by the flying pig.



"LUZ!!!" King cries out, as he looks
like he's going to panic. "Eda's going
to kill me when she gets back! How can
this happen in under 5 minutes!?" he
saw another flying pig coming through,
as he realizes "Oh yeah, it's flying
pig season that happens every few
years, and according to Eda, they
usually snatch any creature to their
nesting HILLLL!!!!!" King was too
snatched by another flying pig "Hang
on, Luz!!"


Entering Eda's room, King went to look
for her elixir. "Eda's elixir should be
somewhere, I know she keeps it while as
a grounds keeper." he looks through her
room. He looks at her nest which is
full of bones and feathers, and human
items. He then spots Eda's
groundskeeper uniform, as he saw the
elixir in her bag. "Bingo!"

He ran downstairs, finding Luz has
prepared to place light spell cards
around Eda. "I got it!" King announced
after making it back with the elixir.
"It was hard to look for the elixir
since Eda's got a lot of complicated
stuff, and traps."

"Great timing, King." Luz said, going
to grab the elixir, but King retracts
it.

"Not to worry, Luz, I'll give it to
Eda." he said as he walks up to Eda,
place the elixir into Eda's mouth just
as her eyes were pure black, making her
gulp.

"King, I can help too, you know." Luz
said to her, while King looks the other
way. "Come on, why are you avoiding me
to help mom give her medicine?"

"Look Luz, I have this under control."
King told her as the elixir's gone.
"See?" Eda groans in a stir, as her
eyes are still black "Uh, Eda? Are you
alright? The elixir should work,
right?"

But as evident, Eda's arm starts to
grow furry, as Eda held her stomach.
?Luz...King...RUNIIIAAAAAAAEEEEEE!!"
she screeches as she starts to
transform. King jumps off of her in
shock.

"King, did you really give her the
right medicine!?" Luz shouts while
holding King protectively.

"I did! Found it in her bag and-" he
looks up the elixir, realizing it
didn?t have the tag. Luz grabs it as
she looks at the last drop.

"This isn't Morton's brand." Luz notes,
looking at the bottom of the glass
"This is from the school's potions
class...her medicine's been
compromised!"

"YYYEEAAAAAAWWWWWWWWW!!!!" Eda's
transformation to the Owl Beast is
completed. Her side bangs grew larger
as her body is now large black fur,
large black and grey wings as her hair
is like a mane. She grew fangs while
her face remains the same. Her hide
became black furred with black talons,
her orange gem turns black as it's the
center of her chest.

Luz immediately activates her cards
"Light Rope Spell!" as they activated
to summon golden rope to wrap around
Eda. Her owl beast form is strapping
around her, while Luz and King ran off
upstairs to Eda's room. "We have to
hurry and find where Eda keeps her
other elixirs!"

"I don't understand, who would switch
her elixir like that?" King asks while
frightened.

"My guess, either mom took the wrong
thing while at work, or some punk's
idea of a prank!" Luz shouts angrily,
while they ended up in Eda's room.
"Those ropes won't hold her for long,
we need to find mom's spare elixir
around here. But she always hides it so
well, why is that?!"

"Yeah...why..." King said sounding a
little guilty, as he shakes his head
"I'll look through the closet while you
look through her nest. She should have
some more around."

Luz nodded as she and King look through
the room to look for more elixirs. The
teen checks the table and the drawers
for Eda's elixir. Something where Eda
could've kept ten jars worth of her
elixirs. King looks through the closet,
rummaging through Eda's clothes.

"Where are they!?" King exclaimed while
looking through the drawer.

"So, what's up with you lately, King?"

King turn to Luz who is still
searching, but is speaking to him
"Really? A conversation while Eda's in
beast mode?"

"We can talk while we search." Luz said
while looking at the top cabinet but
found nothing. "Mind telling me why are
you acting so strange when it comes to
getting Mom's elixir? It's almost as if
you don't trust me with it." she looks
at King, looking a bit hurt. King felt
hurt when she says this.

"It's...it's not liked that, Luz." He
told her, getting himself out of the
pile of clothes "It's just...well,
I..."


"Luz! Luz, wake up!"



"What have you done to her?!"


King's head was filled with a heavy
echo. The memories he's been hearing
since the incident. He shut his eyes
about it, trying to not to think.
Before he could respond, they hear
something break in along with the
lights out.

"Oh no." Luz said as she hears the
gargling sound. She rushes to grab King
as they hear the crashing and
screeching.

"HOOOOOOOT!! HOOOOOT HOOTY
HOOOOOOOOOOOT!!!"

The cries of Hooty echoed through the
house. Luz and King were silent as they
step near the door. Luz immediately
closes it once she saw the shadow of
the owl beast. That can only mean one
thing, that Eda had damaged Hooty. Of
course, this isn't the first time it
happened. But they hear silence.

"Should we check to see if Hooty's
alright?" King gulped when he asked.

Luz responds "I don't know, but why
is-"


CRASH!!


The circular window in the room crashed
when Eda in her owl beast mode crashes
in "RAAAAAAAAWWWW!!!" she screams,
causing Luz and King to scream.

The two ran out of the door while the
owl beast gives chase. From running
down the steps while hitting the wall
while running, Luz and King are in a
panic. Luz was holding King in her arms
as they ran from Eda. If one thing both
Luz and King knows, is that black-eyed
demons are sensitive to light. And some
of the stuff can be found in Luz's
room.

The two ran down the halls as Luz rush
into a closet. She slams it shut while
they hide from Eda. "We should be safe
for now." Luz whispered, holding King
tightly. King response with his arms
wrapped around her. "King?"

"Luz I'm...scared for you." He said as
Luz can feel him shivering, "What if we
don't find Eda's elixirs on time? What
if she...stays like this forever?"

"Don't say that, King." Luz assures
him, holding him tightly "I will not
allow mom to remain as the owl beast.
We've made sure to keep the curse at
bay for so long, as long as mom
remembers to have her cure, she'll be
alright. Besides, we've gone through
worse trouble together, don't we?"


The flying pigs flock has migrated
every few years. The Isle would remain
indoors due to this occasion, since
flying pigs are known to snatch up
small living creatures. Like tiny
demons and babies, flying pigs are
infamously known to snatch up smaller
creatures to their nest to prepare them
to eat. Which is why the Emperor's
Coven has hired Demon Hunters to
exterminate the whole species this
year.



King and Lil' Luz got dropped in the
nesting of the flying pigs. King gets
up, spotted Luz being surrounded by the
other small creatures. "Oh man, I'm
coming, Luz!" he shouts as he ran
through the trapped creatures.



"So, what are you in for?" ask a red
imp to the baby Luz, who plays with his
pointy tail "Hey, hey, stop messing
with my tail! I don't play like that!"



"Uh, sorry, excuse me." King goes
through as he makes his way to Luz,
goes up to hug her "There you are!
Don't scare me like that! We are so
going to get us out of here before Eda
comes back."



"How you gonna get yourself out here,
dawg?" the imp asks King "These demon
hogs have us surrounded. There's also
the fact that the Demon Hunters are
going to march up here and wipe these
piggies out.?



?What, like wipe their butts?? King
asks dumbly, baby Luz was sucking her
thumb.



?I mean they?re gonna use magic to slay
these piggies along with the rest of
us.? The imp states.



"What!?" King asks in shock "Those
demon hunters are going to kill the
pigs with us with them?"



"Bruh, I just said that." the imp told
him, he sighs "And to think I was gonna
make up with my baby mama and our kid
for this. Guess this is how we demons
die."



"You're a bit of a downer, aren't you?"
King said while holding Luz on his
back.



"Hey, when you're an imp for 200 years
and living through in this Coven
system, shit happens." Imp states with
a shrug.



King looks around, seeing the small
demons, leprechauns, elves, and eye
people look worried as they'll about to
be eaten by flying pigs. The King of
Demons look at baby Luz, "We'll have to
get out of here if we try, I'm sure of
it!" he declares, as he held onto the
baby as his stubby little legs starts
to sprint "GAAAAAHHHH!!!" he cries out
as he's about to make it out of the
nest.



Only for the flying pigs to block his
path. King stopped, seeing them glaring
at him as they bare their teeth as they
growl. King stumble back, dropping Luz
but gently as she lands. "E-Easy now,
piggies..." King said as he can feel
their hot, smelly breath in front of
his face. He grabs baby Luz as he ran.
"Okay, maybe I need a plan B."



"Better give up now, it's hopeless,
boy." the country-sounding Imp said as
he lay on the back of a goblin. "Hey!"
The goblin complained.



"The King of Demons doesn't give up! I
just realized that I'm in a situation
where I can't get myself out while
being surrounded by these winged hogs!"
King shouted at the Imp, as he turns to
Luz as he points at her "This is all
your fault!" he shouts at her, causing
the others to look at the source of his
screams.



?Wow, cold.? A demon told a leprechaun
who nodded.



The baby looks at King in shock "Me and
Eda were doing fine before you came
along! I was the only cute little demon
that Eda has paid attention to, but now
I have to share my things with you,
share my baths with you, my toys! My TV
times! Eda should've left you in that
church and we would've been fine!" he
yelled at her with such angry emotions,
tears form out of his eyes, "Eda's
given you so much, it's not like asked
for anything but..." he lands on his
knees, tears leak out of his eyes "I
just can't hate you for that!"



Baby Luz looks at King, looking sad for
him.



"I know you lost a?mom, and truthfully
I can relate to that. I don't have
anyone but Eda..." he hiccupped as he
starts crying, "The truth is, I envy
you, Luz! I'm not used to having a
second addition to the family! I don't
know why I can't stand you, but at the
same time I can't hate you for it."



"Wow, homes." The imp spoke in awe
"Sounds like you're suffering from a
simple case of sibling rivalry."



"Oh, I can relate, I got 20 brothers
and sisters my folks always pay
attention." the goblin respond with a
nod.



King was too busy silently crying,
showing the first time his own
weakness. ?I-I-I-I?m sorry, Luz. I?m so
sorry I got you into this mess.? he
cried while sitting down wiping his
tears. Baby Luz looks sad for King, as
she picks herself up from the nest?s
floor. She wants to go to King, her
little baby mind told her. She
struggles to stand up, which she
manages to do. So, she starts taking a
few steps towards him, which the young
baby girl did. Lil' Luz walks towards
King, who hid his face while he cries.
It was then King looks up a bit and saw
Luz walking towards him.



"I... I don't believe it." he said
while sniffing, as Luz went and hug the
small demon.



"Awww..." one elf said, finding the
moment sweet.



"Man, at least this will be our last
moments to see before we die." one
small cyclops said wiping his tear.



King never had been hugged like that
before, at least since forever. His
arms responded, holding to his small
companion. "*sniff* If we're going to
survive this, I promise to be a great
big brother to you, Luz. I'll even let
you have Mr. Snugglepuss!"



"Aw, now that's sweet."



King's eyes widen, iris shrank in fear.
He turns around and saw who he was
afraid to see in a place like this.
"Oh...hey, Eda. Um...how long have you
been standing here?"



"Oh, I've been back for a while now,
find you two missing. Hooty told me
that you two got snatched by these
flying pigs an hour ago." Eda told him
as she glares at King, who looks down
in shame.



?I thought it?s been ten minutes.? He
muttered.



?You?ve lost so much track of time,
haven?t you?? she asked with a glare,
but smiled when she saw Luz reaches her
hand in front of her "But seeing my
baby's first steps...you're lucky I
didn't zap you for putting her in
danger." she told him, making King look
up to her "Now stand back while I fry
these pigs."



Eda held her staff, as she looks at the
flying pigs surrounding everyone in
their nest. Her eyes glow as she draws
a large circle around, as beams of
light hits each of the pigs.



"RRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!" the flying
pigs cry out in agony, getting
electrocuted from the beams of light.



Climbing up the hill of the mountain,
there are a group of demon hunters
marching up to where the flying pigs?
nests are. "Alright, we're about close
to have some of that flying pig meat!"
spoke the teal, one-eyed leader with an
afro and comb, wearing brown robe like
the rest of his group.



"Uh, boss!" the green, butt-chinned
hunter with a mustache points up the
hill.



"What is it, Tom?" Eye-Patch asks as he
looks up, seeing coming down are a
stampede of demons, imps, goblins,
trolls, elves, and many that were
captured by the flying pigs.
"STAMPEEEDE!!!" he cries as the hunters
were trampled by the demons and weirdos
this writer can't list off anytime.
However, one swoosh passed the hunters
are Eda on her staff, with King and Luz
in her arms for protection.



"Boy, those guys aren't going to get
good reviews of their service." Eda
states while she flies to home.



?Thanks for freeing us, homies!? The
imp shouts waving at the powerful
witch, demon, and human child.



"Okay, I may not have liked having
another member here in the house. But I
think me, and Luz have bonded over this
experience." King says while he's
trapped in the crib himself, while Eda
was holding baby Luz on her lap as she
holds onto Mr. Snugglepuss. "And I'm
willing to share her my army, as my new
lieutenant!"



"Next time I leave; I'll hire a
babysitter to watch you both. Probably
have to create a homunculus to watch
Luz." Eda said as she raises up Luz up
high "At least you can walk now, oh yes
you can!" she nudges her nose to Luz
playfully who giggled at the action.
King looks sickened by this.



"I don't even know you anymore." King
said as he looks away, "But uh, Eda,
maybe if I can have a turn to play
with...Luz? At least, if you still be
able to trust me around her." he looked
bashful if you can tell from his
expression. Eda looks at him with her
judgmental eyes. She turns to Luz who
looks at King, waving at him as she
smiles warmly.



"I guess, if you learn to be good
around her, she can be your little
playmate." Eda told him, making King
swag his tail "But you will be keeping
under watch once I find a sitter."



"Really? So that means Luz is my
minion!" King declared with his hands
up "Once I escaped from this baby
prison, me and Luz shall conquer all
that stands before us! I can teach her
many things about demons!"



On that day, Luz and King became like
siblings. Growing up together, getting
in trouble together, these two are like
the perfect tyke duo. The little
henchmen to Eda's schemes. While at the
same time, King teaches Luz about every
demon shown in the isles. However, Luz
grew up over time, and she has strike
out on her own. King on the other hand,
still becomes the cute, small demon who
tries to teach Luz about demons, but
she became more distant since she
manages to find friends and start
attending school.



It made him feel...alone. Even a king
gets lonely without his loyal subjects.



He grew to like having Luz around, as
she has taken a liking to him. They
were con capers, scam those using the
old "dead pet" trick occasionally. They
even run a beetle betting race
together. King was the big brother to
Luz, but now Luz is the big sister to
him, in a literal sense of the word.
But he will always be there and protect
Luz from danger.



Which is why he can't forgive himself
over what happened to Luz when she was
5.
