=======================================
Luz Clawthorne: Hexside's Number One
Delinquent Witch
by BuckJohnson,JPRyder
Ch 7/42
Chapter 7: Chapter 6: Emotional Guilt
=======================================
Chapter Text

Chapter 6: Emotional Guilt


A gray space area. All there it was a
door, and a bed. Eda was staring at the
door.



?Where am I?? Eda asks herself, looking
around as she saw her younger self with
orange hair ?Oh, this again.?



The door opens, showing a shadowy
figure with bright circular eyes. Eda
recognizes this?she?s been through this
before?



?You?you?re the one that cursed me!?
Eda said to the figure ?Who are you?
Who are you!? she tries to reach out to
the perpetrator, but the figure was too
far away from her.


It was just a simple cloudy day, until
the acidic boiling rain was up. The
simple pink furred monkey-like demon
who carries around a large spike shell
on his back for protection from the
rain. He ran to find safety but
couldn't find anywhere to hide. No one
at Bonesborough would take him in, so
he has to run through the forest. Poor
little guy, he just wanted to escape
from the rain. Sure, it's drops can
leave some burns, but stay out too long
and you end up looking like a crispy
rat, or a shrunken head.

'Gotta find a place to hide.' the
shell-chimp thought as he keeps running
while holding up the shell. He's been
up the hill for quite some time. He has
known to be told to not go to these
parts of the woods. But he didn't care,
he just wants shelter. The boiling rain
won't pass over until the next few
hours. As he run, he saw afar a house.
The lone house with one eye-like window
but it looks busted, as well as the
door. Perfect! This is the right place
to hide!

So, he enters the house, not knowing
the dangers that lurks. 'I should be
safe in here, wonder who owns this
place? Hopefully, they don't mind me in
the house.' he thought, but then he
heard a loud roar, as he looks up to
see a beastly creature inside. "Gah!
Monster!" he cries as he ran down
through the hallway. He crashed onto a
door, until he opens it and hid behind
the line of clothes. He should be safe
here, hopefully no one wouldn't mind
him hiding in the closet.

But then the door quickly opened,
causing the shell-chimp to hide himself
in silence. About two more came in, one
is a weirdly brown-skinned girl with
wild looking hair, and the other is a
small demon like him; only that he has
a skull over his head with one horn
with a red collar. "We should be safe
for now." the girl whispered, holding
the small demon tightly who wraps his
arms around her in a hug "King?"

"Luz I'm...scared for you...What if we
don't find Eda's elixirs on time? What
if she...stays like this forever?" the
pink chimp couldn't help but overhear
the conversation, but he remains hidden
when listening the two.

The human girl named Luz, apparently,
told her friend with an assured tone
"Don't say that, King. I will not allow
mom to remain as the owl beast. We've
made sure to keep the curse at bay for
so long, as long as mom remembers to
have her cure, she'll be alright.
Besides, we've gone through worse
trouble together, don't we?"

Aw, this touched the heard of the pink
chimp demon. Seeing these two are
having a moment together during the
crisis of a monster. The small demon
named King was silent for a while,
looks up to the girl, responding "Yeah,
guess I'm just not as brave as I
thought I am. But how can we get to
your room without Eda attacking us?"

Luz remains silent while thinking up a
plan. "There should be some pens and
paper in here." she finally spoke as
she set King down, going through the
hanged clothes to look for something.

'Uh-oh' the pink chimp thought, as Luz
took notice something behind the
clothes. She opens up the hanged
clothes like curtains, seeing the pink
chimp. "Um...hey." he said nervously.

Luz just stares at him weirdly, didn't
think there was a home intruder. King
looks at him and says "Wait, you're the
Snaggleback!? I thought you're supposed
to look sinister!"

"Sorry, I was hiding from the rain."
the Snaggleback was scared.

"Say..." Luz has thought up an idea,
placing her hand on his head "How would
you like to help us with a situation?"
she asks him sweetly, hiding behind the
planning look.

The Snaggleback doesn't like where this
is going.

Long ago, Edalyn Clawthorne was just a
young teenage girl when she was cursed
by someone unknown. On the day she was
asleep, she remembers a vague memory of
a silhouette figure that gave her a
clue to who cursed her. Though, she
doesn't know who cursed her, but it did
grant her transformation into becoming
the Owl Beast.

The Owl Beast crawl through the house,
as it scavenges around looking for
prey. She growled while sniffing for
food. There are three potential prey
that are around. Her former half is
asleep inside of her, while this form
scavenges to swallow whole of its prey.
That is the curse in being the Owl
Beast. Eda's there, but not in the
right mind. The beast is made out from
pure instinct, mindless with no
familiarity.

However, its black eyes spotted
something crawling through the halls.
It has a glowing light pen strapped
onto its shell. The owl beast is just
the same as Eda, they both love shiny
things. Well, like many bird beasts
would do, the shiny thing is there must
have.

The spiky shell ran off, causing the
owl beast to chase after the light.

"Great, he's busy with her." King told
Luz, both now hiding in her room.

"Good, now just get my light cards and
something to draw on the wall." she
replied while looking through a box.
She opens the box, finding the cards
"Perfect!" she declares bringing out
her spell cards. "I'm going to brighten
these up in front of her while we lure
her into a trap. Just gotta quickly
draw a big light spell circle that is
enough to blind Eda enough to knock her
out."

?Take your time, I?ll keep watch.? King
told her as he looks out for Eda and
the Snaggleback. Luz does her work by
tapping each of the cards to form some
bright flashes. As goes to the wall as
she begins drawing a large circle. As
quickly as she can, she has to make the
circle perfect due to its large size.

?YAAAAAAAAHHH!!!?

?The Snaggleback?hurry, Luz!? King
cries out as he sees Luz almost done by
drawing the light glyph.

?Almost done!? Luz states as she does
the finishing touches ?There!? she
declares. ?I?m ready for her when she
comes.?

King was looking out, but he sees no
signs of Eda. He looks back and forth,
up and even down the floor. Come to
think of it, he doesn?t hear her. ?Hey
Luz??


CRASH!!


Eda pops out from the wall where Luz?s
glyph drawing is, causing Luz to be
knocked back. Eda?s claws swipes at her
but misses. She has the two cornered in
the room, as she gags out the large,
spiky shell that belonged to the
Snaggleback.

?King, run!? Luz cries out, tapping on
each glyph card which brings out
sparkling flashes ?Flash Cards!? she
cries out while the light sparkles in
front of Eda, who screeches and roars
at the flashing lights which prevents
her from chasing after them.

Luz and King ran back to the family
room, as there it is even messier.
Hooty looks dead due to the broken
door, tables and counters are all
scratched up. Some stuff broken,
including some treasures. Pretty much
what you expect when a cursed,
animalistic-minded witch would do.

?Gotta think for plan B?quickly!? Luz
exclaimed.

?If only you learn about sleep spells.?
King said in panic. ?To the shed!? he
cries as the two went out around to
head for the shed. It is at the side of
the house under the roof.

The shed is usually used for storage,
but Luz and King believes that there?s
still something in there to help Eda.
Once they lock the shed, they look for
anything from the pile of treasure
junk, pots, logs, and many things Eda
kept in.

?This is just great.? Luz complains
while throwing around some stuff ?We?re
trapped in a force field of an acidic
storm, there?s no one to contact
anyone, one time where we do need an
adult!? she kicks one small pot in
anger ?Grr, why does this kind of stuff
keeps happening to me!??

?Luz, calm down.? King told her, Luz
glares at him.

?Calm down? My plan to turn her back to
normal backfired and I had that poor
Snaggleback eaten!? Luz yelled, tears
coming out from her eyes as she?s
starting to get choked up, hitting her
back on the wall as she slides down to
her knees at her chest. ?First, I get
in trouble in school, now I?m being
threaten to not only to get kicked out,
but get separated from mom?hic??

?Luz?? King tries to reach out to her,
but Luz continued.

?I don?t want to be taken away from
mom.? Luz cries while covering her face
in her arms, ?Where?s her damn cure!??
she shouts in anger.

?Um, you mean this??

Luz and King?s eyes widen, as they turn
to see someone in the shadow underneath
a large pot on it?s back. A flash of
lightning flashes, revealing to be the
pink chimp they thought was perished.
In his hand is a glowing bottle of a
yellow elixir.

?Snaggleback!? Luz and King cries out,
Luz standing up. ?We thought you were
dead!? she exclaimed.

?How on earth did you survive?? King
asks him.

?Um, well, funny story?? the
Snaggleback said while explaining to
them.


By the time she caught up to me, she
grabs my shell, and I was about to be
eaten. The flashlight taped on my shell
fell down her mouth, causing her to
choke. I had to leave my shell so that
I can escape through the vents. She
swallowed my shell, but she had
difficult to get the shell into
swallowing it. Guess it?s not edible.



I had to travel through the vents, but
it appears that she snuffs out for me.
I keep crawling through the vents,
smells worse than a TV dinner. I don?t
know what a TV is, but I hear this
expression from some gnomes. That?s
when I hear a crashing noise, which I
high tail out through the vents and
ended up in the shed. I crashed into
some pots and pans, as well as a locked
cabinet. I broke the lock, and as it
opens something fell on my face.


In the present, the Snaggleback hands
Luz the elixir ?I don?t know what it
is, but it was child locked in a
cabinet. Don?t know why it was locked,
but it does have this tag.?

Luz looks at the tag, reads it ??One
cure a day, leaves the curse at bay?,
this is it!? she cries as she hugs the
Snaggleback, kisses his cheek ?Thank
you, you pink monkey guy!?

?Uh, thanks.? The Snaggleback replied
with a blush from her kiss, Luz drops
him.

?You did us a service, Snaggleback.?
King comments patting him on the back
?Now we just need to get this inside
Eda?s mouth. Right Luz?? King looks
around, not seeing Luz ?Luz??? he saw
the shed door opened, his eyes widen
?She didn?t.?

Eda struggles to fly around or crawl
through the house due to the blinding
lights. The creature snarls while
sniffing for the food again. They
escaped from her once but never again!
She will find the food and the shiny!
She?s gonna have it all! But first,
scourge and search, and scourge and
search.

?Hey, mom!?

Her ears picked up, turns around and
saw Luz. Eda growled as its black eyes
stare at the girl, some kind of
familiarity. Luz stands on her grounds,
holding up the flask.

?It?s time to drink your medicine!? Luz
declares as Eda stares at her, jumps
towards her. ?Flash Cards!? she shouts
while holding another light glyph card
in front of her, which blinded Eda
temporarily. Luz goes to put the elixir
into Eda, as she grabs the part of her
mane so she can get it in her mother?s
mouth. But Eda snarled as her by
swiping at Luz to the floor.

?Gah!? Luz cries out, wincing in pain
on her arm. She looks at her left arm,
there appears to be a scratch. ?Shit!?
she cursed, as Luz saw the bottle on
the other floor. She saw Eda manages to
crawl over her. Luz looks face to face
at the Owl Beast, snarling over her.
?M-Mom, please wake up!? Luz cries out
while trying to reach for the elixir,
but Eda?s paw blocks her reach. Luz
looks up to her mom, she looks at her
to her black eyes reflecting her face.
?Mom, wake the hell up!? Eda stopped,
starring at the girl.

Oh good, Luz is reaching out to her. ?I
know you don?t want to hurt me?you
can?t let this curse overtake
you?please mom, I love you.? Luz said
while Eda still looks at Luz. No
emotions shown. The Owl Beast just
stares at Luz for a while with her jaw
opened?

?as the elixir is shoved into her
mouth. Luz looks up to find King having
to be the one to give the elixir bottle
while he?s over Eda?s head. ?Drink up,
Eda! You?ll be needing it!? he
declares, as the Owl Beast engulfs the
cure into her.

As then on, her body grew smaller, down
to her normal size. Eda still has the
elixir in her mouth, drinking it up
until she passes out on top of Luz. She
is now back to normal, with her clothes
intact.

Luz sighs, it?s now over. ?King, help
me up with Eda.? She said as King
complied, helping Eda off of Luz.
?Alright, now we can-?

?Just what were you thinking!?? King
yelled, startling Luz. "Why did you run
off like that with the elixir!??

?Why are you yelling at me? We?ve
managed to cure mom and-? King held her
arm, making her wince ?Ow!?

?See, this is why you should?ve waited
for my plan, Luz.? King told her while
Luz retraces her arm. ?Good news, I
don?t see a bone marrow.?

?It?s just a scratch, okay? And I
couldn?t wait until my mom gets cured!?
she told him while rubbing her arm.

?And what if you could?ve been
killed?!? King snapped at her.

?You and I both know that mom wouldn?t
hurt us on purpose.? Luz told him.

?Dang it, Luz! When are you going to
learn that you can?t just act on
impulse and think how others feel about
your safety for once?!? King shouts. ?I
don?t want to see you get hurt again!?

Luz?s expression changed, looking at
King on concern when he was teary eyed.
?King??

?It?s why I don?t want you near the
elixir?I didn?t want to be reminded of
that incident.? King told her, looking
down in guilt. It clicked Luz on what
he meant.

?King, you know I wouldn?t do that
again.? Luz assured him. Stepping down
on one knee and raise his chin up. ?You
don?t need to protect me 24/7 over
this.?

?But I?m your brother, Luz.? King told
her, ?If anything?s happen to you, it?s
my fault that I didn?t do enough for
you. You?re the best thing that has
happened for us, and I?? he wipes where
his nose is supposed to be, as
surprising for him Luz gave him a hug.
His eyes widen at the hug, but it gave
him something to make him feel?needed.

?I?m glad to have a brother like you,
King.? Luz told him, held him up while
still hugging him ?You just gotta trust
me sometimes. I may be reckless, but I
know how to be careful about my safety.
But I guess I should learn to not act
without thinking.?

?My bet, you?ll probably forget it due
to your one-track mind.? King said, Luz
playfully flicks him for that ?Nyeh!?

The rain is starting to clear up, which
was enough for Eda to wake up. She
yawns, finding herself at her nest in
her room. Looks like a mess, guess
she?ll have to clean up later-
Wait?wasn?t she an owl beast earlier?

?Luz! King!? Eda shot up, and rush
downstairs. Once she gets there, she
finds Luz and King cleaning up the
family room, along with the Snaggleback
helping them out. ?Are you guys okay!??

?We?re fine, mom.? Luz told her; Eda
notices a bandage wrap on her left arm.

?Your arm?what happened?? Eda asks her,
looking in panic ?Did I-??

?Don?t worry, I?m fine. It?s just a
scratch!? Luz assures her, while Eda
inspects it to make sure Luz is
alright.

?At least let me heal it.? Eda said but
Luz stops her.

?Heal it later, right now I?m cleaning
this mess and if you want, you can help
me, and King fix up this place. But
you?ll be needing some rest after
today.? Luz told her, holding up a
broom to sweep up the mess. Eda looks
solemn, as she wraps her arms around
her daughter. It was immediate that she
does this, holding her closely. She
didn?t need any words to say, none of
them do. Eda held onto Luz
protectively.

?Luz, honey.? Eda places her hands on
her adopted daughter?s shoulders ?I am
so, sorry that I did this to you. I
would never hurt you like this,?

?I know, mom. It?s not your fault.? Luz
assures her. ?If it weren?t for King
looking out for me, you?d be stuck as
the Owl Beast?and I didn?t want to lose
you.? She turns to King, who was
folding up some clothes along with the
Snaggleback. He waves at them.

?Thanks, King. For looking out for
her.? Eda told him.

?Ah it?s no problem, makes up for when
I had to watch her as a baby.? King
states which surprise Luz.

?You left me with King as a baby?? Luz
turns to Eda, her eyes narrow.

?Well, who else I had to find someone
on a quick notice when I had to make my
clam trade??


14 Years Ago, on the Clams Run



?Here you go, Frank.? Eda threw a bag
of clams in front of the short, pudgy
man with side hair, glasses, red button
shirt and black pants and shoes.



?Ha, finally now that I can set up all
the clam drinks for the Paddy?s Bar!?
Frank told Eda, unaware that she?s a
witch due to her hoodie hiding her
witchy features. ?Where did you find
these clams???Trade secret, now for the
treasure.? Eda told him.



?Oh right, oh right.? Frank shows Eda a
bag full of toys ?Don?t know what kind
of toy store scam you?re up to, most of
this stuff are old toys from my no-good
kids.??Is that a way to comment on your
kids, Frank?? Eda asks him.



?Nah, my son grew up probably a
sociopath, which we should check. The
other one, she became a bird.? Frank
explains, while Eda grabs the bag of
toys, he drinks his flask full of
scotch as he asks her ?Say uh, Eda, I
have been meaning to ask you if you
want to show up around, we might-?
Frank had his back turned, as he turns
around and saw Eda escape through a
portal, as it folds and closes.
?What?!?? he was shocked to find Eda
disappear into a portal. He dropped his
flask.



Coming out is a tall young man with a
shaggy beard ?Hey Frank, who were you
talking to??



Frank looks at his companion, ?I don?t
know, Charlie?I may have to lay off the
scotch.?


?Best toy deal of my life.? Eda said as
she rubs Luz?s hair ?You loved those
toys?until you started itching and had
ticks in your hair?but your ticks
free.?

??How do you know the parts you weren't
there?? Luz asked in confusion.

?Hello?? they all turn to Hooty, who
finally woke up ?A little help from
here? I?m not dead just because the
door broke!?

?Oh, that horrible, horrible voice!!?
King covered his ?ears?.

?We?ll fix you up, Hooty.? Luz told him
as she turns to Eda ?Just rest for now,
you need some rest.?

Eda nodded, as she lets go of Luz
?Actually, why don?t we just take a
break.?

And that closes a chapter of the
incident at the Owl Lady?s home on this
boiling rainy day. But let us change
the course of the story to another
location, at the Blight?s house.

Amity Blight is the top student of
Hexside, always getting the best of
grades. She doesn?t cut corners; she
does the hard work to earn her spot.
She?s practically an elite student and
a student role model. She is going to
be the best witch in the Emperor?s
Coven, like no one ever was?

But the past week spiraled from her own
control.

It started out with the incident at her
Abominations Track class, as something
caused the whole class to get haunted
by ghosts with bad puns. Then to make
it worse, all the classes turned to her
due to where the ghosts came out of,
her cauldron. Now she?s nicknamed
?Haunted Amity?, even by her own
siblings. The only way to get extra
credit, is from Luz the Human. The
biggest scallywag who?d swindle and
does nothing but trouble for everyone.
And getting stuck tutoring with the
school?s so-called witch isn?t even the
worst part that happened to her?

The mint haired girl was in her bed.
She didn?t bother to come out for
dinner, so she just excuses her alone
time as ?studying?. It was the only way
for her to be alone. School?s cancelled
due to the boiling rain, so she can
spend time to herself?silently crying.

She couldn?t believe she was mugged.
Something like this never happened to
her. She can still feel the cold knife
to her neck, and her mouth magically
zipped to not get anyone to hear her
screams. She was still shaken by the
event.

She walks up to her personal bathroom,
turn the water on at the sink. She
splashes water on herself, trying to
forget what happened. But it?s not that
easy for her, is it?

?Should I tell them?? she thought,
thinking of telling her mom or dad
about the mugging. Maybe they can
report it to the authorities and-


Do you want them to think you?re weak?


She looks at herself in the mirror, her
eye liner?s running from her eyes. What
was she thinking? How can she tell them
without looking weak? But it wouldn?t
be too bad to talk to them about-


Talking is worse, they?re gonna throw
you out for not being strong enough.
That?s why you got mugged because you
didn?t fight back. It?s your fault for
being so weak?


She is weak, but she?s not supposed to
show weakness?


Your mother shows great disappointment
in you when you got a B. Just imagine
how she?ll react that you got mugged.


Getting kicked out of the house,
stripped from the Blight family name.
Lose her status, her friends, living
alone with nobody helping you. Not
being part of a coven can get her sent
to the Conformatorium.


Yes! If you don?t tell them, you?ll be
fine. Besides, it?s not like you?re
really effective. You can get over it
like a character from a tv show that
would get over this kind of thing in
the next episode. You?re self-reliant
that way.


Yeah?maybe she should withhold that
information to herself. It?s not like
anyone should know that the star
student got mugged. Right?

?Amity!? the mint-haired girl was
startled from her thoughts, her mom
calling for her ?The rain has stopped,
I?ll be running a quick errand. Since
you?ve been studying so much in your
room, would you like something for me
to bring??

Amity steps out from the personal
bathroom, she is at a distance from her
as she thinks if she should tell her.
What can she say? Can she really say
nothing about the mugging? She tries to
tell but nothing comes out from her
voice. It was as if mouth is zipped up,
metaphorically speaking, if she tries
to talk about the mugging. All she can
do is be, quiet about it.

?Some candy eye of newts would be
fine.? She told her mom, looking down.

?Alright, you deserve something for
studying hard. Hope to keep your grades
up, dear.? Her mother on the other side
of the door has no idea how miserable
Amity is feeling right now. The tone of
her voice really bothers her, sounding
so proud more on herself than her own
daughter.

She looks at herself in the mirror, her
eyes look tired. But she needs to make
appearance.